README.md, before:

# WealthPulse

WealthPulse rewrite in go... I mean, why not, right?

... currently working on price parser... execute tests with `go test ./pkg/parse`

- [ ] Price syncing
    - [x] Update main so it actually parses prices and prints some info for the first few
    - [ ] price scraping
    - [ ] sort file by date
    - [ ] switch output to append-only b

- [ ] Parsing/lexing improvements
    - [ ] Add parsers/lexers for full ledger file
    - [ ] An observation about the lexer stateFn return type... it is inconvenient that each lexer needs to know the next state, as it seems to make the individual lexers hard to compose? Maybe I'm just missing something though
    - [ ] Add tests for parse failures
    - [ ] Add line numbers?
    - [ ] Good errors?
    - [ ] make the parser/lexer stream from file, maybe with an `io.Reader` ... tests can use `strings.NewReader`
        - Not sure io.Reader alone will cut it... maybe need a RuneReader, but might also want seeking abilities for the line? Not sure.
        - Maybe use buffered io stuff in bufio package? Is buffered io... better? I don't even know!
        - (there's probably a blog post here!)

Commit message:

add new prices to pricedb
- fix bug with sorting

README.md, after:

# WealthPulse

WealthPulse rewrite in go... I mean, why not, right?

... currently working on price parser... execute tests with `go test ./pkg/parse`

- [ ] Price syncing
    - [x] Update main so it actually parses prices and prints some info for the first few
    - [x] sort prices by symbol and date
    - [x] scrape prices
    - [x] add new prices to pricedb
    - [ ] write pricedb
- [ ] Update price syncing
    - [ ] sort file by date
    - [ ] switch output to append-only b

- [ ] Parsing/lexing improvements
    - [ ] Add parsers/lexers for full ledger file
    - [ ] An observation about the lexer stateFn return type... it is inconvenient that each lexer needs to know the next state, as it seems to make the individual lexers hard to compose? Maybe I'm just missing something though
    - [ ] Add tests for parse failures
    - [ ] Add line numbers?
    - [ ] Good errors?
    - [ ] make the parser/lexer stream from file, maybe with an `io.Reader` ... tests can use `strings.NewReader`
        - Not sure io.Reader alone will cut it... maybe need a RuneReader, but might also want seeking abilities for the line? Not sure.
        - Maybe use buffered io stuff in bufio package? Is buffered io... better? I don't even know!
        - (there's probably a blog post here!)
